Revisions for Manuscript (#24)
greenelab/text_mined_hetnet_manuscript: content/05.discussion.md

## Discussion

We tested the feasibility of re-using label functions to extract relationships from literature.

> Through our sampling experiment, we found that adding relevant label functions increases prediction performance (shown in the on-diagonals of Figures {@fig:auroc_gen_model_performance} and {@fig:auroc_gen_model_performance}).

Reviewer: These are the same figures?

We found that label functions designed from relatively related edge types can increase performance (seen when GiG label functions predicts CbG and vise versa).

> We noticed that one edge type (DaG) is agnostic to label function source (Figures {@fig:auroc_gen_model_performance} and {@fig:auroc_gen_model_performance}). 

Reviewer: Same figures

> Performance increases when adding a single label function to our baseline model (the generative model trained only on distant superivison label functions).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Performance routinely increases when adding a single mismatched label function to our baseline model (the generative model trained only on distant supervision label functions).
```

> Initially we thought that adding a small amount of noise aided the model, but this turns out to not be the case (Figures {@fig:auroc_random_label_function_performance} and {@fig:aupr_random_label_function_performance}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These results led us to hypothesize that adding a small amount of noise aided the model, but our experiment with a random label function reveals that this was not the case (Figures {@fig:auroc_random_label_function_performance} and {@fig:aupr_random_label_function_performance}).
```

Based on these results one question still remains: why does performance drastically increase when adding a single label function to our distant supervision baseline?

The discriminative model didn't work as intended. 
The majority of the time the discriminative model underperformed the generative model (Figures {@fig:auroc_discriminative_model_performance} and {@fig:aupr_discriminative_model_performance).
Potential reasons for this are the discriminative model overfitting to the generative model's predictions and a negative class bias in some of our datasets (Table {@tbl:candidate-sentences}).

> These two pitfalls are a big reason for problems we encountered in our downstream analyses: discriminative model calibration (Figure {@fig:discriminative_model_calibration}) and poor recall in detecting existing edges in Hetionet v1 (Figure {@fig:hetionet_reconstruction}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The challenges with the discriminative model are likely to have led to issues in our downstream analyses: poor model calibration (Figure {@fig:discriminative_model_calibration}) and poor recall in detecting existing Hetionet edges (Figure {@fig:hetionet_reconstruction}).
```
